Michael Rocco

Lab 3 Reflection.

>	Lab 3 was an attempt to write a compiler with lex and yacc, or in this case flex and bison, to calculate the final grade using the example given in lab 2.  Unfortunately I ran out of time on this project.  The lexical definitions seem to work but I had trouble getting bison to make sense out of adding the files together.  Working on an assembler project for lab 2 made it much more difficult to try to implement anything using lex and yacc from scratch.  Things that need to be done for this project include setting up a makefile, which was planned once I got everything to compile once.    
>	I think the reading everything from a newline and separating scores with spaces approach will work and be extensible to allow for any number of labs or scores.  Error checking for score validity is possible but would have to be implemented after the code is working.  Once the lab sums is set up to work it will be trivial to do the same for quizzes and reading assignments, as well as calculation of the total score from there.  It would not be necessary to rewrite the code for it, it should be possible to generalized the working function and add another layer on top that parses which value the sum is being calculated for.  The global variables at the top for testing should probably be moved into functions as well.  A project in a new language requires more time to understand how things function.  Examples of direct use cases would be helpful, especially if well commented, but looking on the internet for similar use cases has been difficult.  Lex and Yacc are typically used for compilers, and while a use case of adding the sum of values with a header is a possible programming language use case it is an unusual approach. 
